well howdy there internet people it's
above a gallon so tonight we're going to
talk about talking points rhetoric and
being lucky because we are lucky right
born in the greatest country on the
planet USA a country that is normally
unscathed by things like this because
we've got those oceans protecting us
it's been that way since we were founded
and we tend to be proactive we're in a
different situation now so the talking
points have gone out everybody's got
their script and man they are sticking
to it it's time to rally everybody get
everybody in the fight everybody back in
the calls the problem is were the US and
since we are the United States whaling
rally for one reason and you better hope
that you're not the country we're
rallying against because all it takes is
for somebody to wave a flag and we
already and that's the rhetoric that's
getting used that wartime rhetoric this
is our Pearl Harbor moment and sure as
an analogy okay yeah it's going to be in
history books it's gonna be relevant we
all have to come together got it if
that's where it stops fine but that's
not where it's stopping invoking that
nationalism but the thing is this isn't
war time we don't have any opposition
none we can see anyway
but it becomes all about the u.s. makes
it real easy to write off those others
those people everywhere else because
they're not really a part of the u.s. so
they're not with us and in war time if
you're not with us well you're against
us and that allows us to justify things
we might not normally justify like
withholding supplies cutting off funding
to international organizations trying to
help
because they're not with us that
nationalism
that nationalism isn't helpful in the
best of times
nationalism is a disease far more
dangerous than what's out there right
now
because it infects your mind causes you
to take pride in things you had nothing
to do with and hate people you've never
met and did nothing to you
I'm really glad other countries aren't
using that rhetoric because I picked up
supplies to death cases upon cases cases
this one of the items I hope it's clear
I hope you can read it of course if you
want to read it yeah you better be
familiar with Italian Italy they're
having a hard time right now but we got
gowns the masks came from China the
goggles Taiwan the pressure infusers
came from Mexico and Israel the long IV
tubing so the nurses don't have to go
into the room each time and they can
save on supplies Brazil we are in this
together but we appear to be the only
country that doesn't understand that
that thing out there it doesn't care
what color your passport is it doesn't
care what language you speak and it
doesn't care what's on your birth
certificate we are in this together we
have to focus on the most immediate need
first some of those places are in the
United States some of them are elsewhere
cooperation is what will get us through
this because this thing it does not care
about your borders it's not gonna get a
visa and contrary to the branding you
can't actually lock down borders like
that and if we do succeed in writing
everybody else off and letting it run
rampant everyone
and controlling it here we never come
off lockdown
you better get real used to staying at
home watching Netflix because it doesn't
care about those imaginary lines those
borders they only exist because we say
they do this thing it exists either way
whether or not you believe in it so sure
it's our Pearl Harbor moment you want to
be proud of the United States you want
to invoke that nationalism do something
worthy of being proud of we have had
years of lackluster leadership that has
damaged our reputation everywhere and
it's getting worse by the day when this
type of rhetoric comes out when that
nationalism gets invoked we have to push
back against it they're helping us we
should probably help them too because
this is a global fight we are all in
this together and that doesn't stop at
the borders anyway it's just a thought
stay at home wash your hands don't touch
your face y'all have a good night